[Music]
this is
a perfect planet
[Music]
life flourishes here thanks to powerful
natural forces
light from the sun reaches us in just
eight minutes
powering our living world
and its daily and yearly rhythms shape
the lives of every creature on earth
[Music]
volcanoes are powerful and
uncontrollable forces
but they are the architects of the
planet
creating over 80 percent of the earth's
surface
[Music]
life could not exist without them
our oceans are in constant motion
they're linked by a network of powerful
currents
that carry nutrients around the globe
every drop of sea water rides these
currents
taking a thousand years to complete a
single circuit
and where there are currents there is
[Music]
life
from mighty storms to freezing winds
weather is vital to life
[Music]
rain clouds form and powerful winds
carry this fresh water around the globe
revitalizing the land
[Music]
annual weather patterns have been stable
for thousands of years
and it's this reliability on which life
depends
together these forces have shaped
our perfect planet
but it's a fragile system
today there is a new force
one so powerful it threatens life on
earth
human activity is now so dominant
that it's disrupting the forces of
nature
and the vital habitats life needs to
survive on earth
to preserve our planet we need to act
now
and if we do that there will still be
time
to restore the ecological balance that
once made this
earth our perfect planet
[Music]
you